The final stage in this process is what I like to call modeling.
This includes designing a model,
usually a statistical or a machine learning model,
fitting its parameters to training data using an optimization procedure,
and then using it to make predictions about unseen data.
The nice thing about working with numerical features is that
it allows you to utilize pretty much any machine learning model.
This includes support vector machines, decision trees,
neural networks, or any custom model of your choice.
You could even combine multiple models to get better performance.
How you utilize the model is up to you.
You can deploy it as a web-based application,
package it up into a handy mobile app,
integrate it with other products,
services, and so on.
The possibilities are endless.